come up
Ziyao, why didn't you answer my call?
Wu Yu, why are you here again?
Are you bored?
Ziyao today is my birthday
I bought you a bunch of flowers on purpose
I booked a private room at the Nancheng Hotel tonight
Let's have dinner together
How many times have I told you I'm not going?
It's my birthday today, I'm fine
Didn't you hear that he wasn't going?
Who are you? This is my guest
I told you in May that I wouldn't
And can you stop coming to my house in the future?
Your guest
If you didn't tell me, I thought it was a sewer repair
I can't fix sewers
But didn't fix you boy
What a big breath you are!
Do you know who you're talking to?
Pick up the flowers for me